OKR: Split up large article into smaller articles (#21626)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/serialization/system-text-json-polymorphism.md

---

> title: How to serialize polymorphic objects with System.Text.Json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: How to serialize properties of derived classes with System.Text.Json
```

description: "Learn how to serialize polymorphic objects while serializing to and deserializing from JSON in .NET."
ms.date: 11/19/2020
no-loc: [System.Text.Json, Newtonsoft.Json]
helpviewer_keywords:
  - "JSON serialization"
  - "serializing objects"
  - "serialization"
  - "objects, serializing"
---

> # How to serialize polymorphic objects with System.Text.Json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to serialize properties of derived classes with System.Text.Json
```

> In this article, you will learn how to serialize polymorphic objects with the `System.Text.Json` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this article, you will learn how to serialize properties of derived classes with the `System.Text.Json` namespace.
```
